Do you have my consent to recruit the store manager?
Ask what you want to do tomorrow
This store was originally given to me by Brother Lin Ange
I'm the store manager here
During this time, I'm just letting you manage it for me.
Tao Huimin, is there something wrong with your brain?
Whose store could not be opened in the first place?
Want to transfer the store
Without me
You can still stand here today
So what?
first come first served
I have been managing this store for 3 years
I am the lady boss of this house
You said the store is yours
Did Brother Lin'an set up the character bureau for you?
Did the Industry and Commerce Bureau write your name?
Empty talk
Open your mouth and come to you
I don't care, this is what Lin Ange promised to give me
Now the store has finally made a profit.
I have to be the store manager
What if I don't give it?
If you don't give
Just based on my brother's life-saving grace to Brother Lin'an
Brother Lin'an will definitely promise me
And I'm telling you
So what if you make money?
Just a word from me
All your hard-earned money will be mine
Just based on my brother's kindness to Brother Lin Ange
Enough to keep me in his
Here is a lifetime of preferential treatment
He will never get rid of me.
Is that right? It seems that I have taken care of you for the past three years
Already got you carried away
Brother Lin An, I just said it
That's his comrade
The money was given by him
I really didn't apologize